{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Youchao Xue\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 PERSONAL INFO\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx3870\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 DATE OF BIRTH: 14 Oct 1982\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 PHONE: 781-332-2822\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx3870\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Home ADDRESS: 5 Junction Rd, North Reading , MA\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 EMAIL: xueyouchao@gmail.com\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx3870\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Residency Status: greencard holder\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Blog: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://xueyouchao.github.io
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx3870\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://youchaosdevelopment.blogspot.com/2009/03/few-videos-show-my-editor.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
http://youchaosdevelopment.blogspot.com/2009/03/few-videos-show-my-editor.html
}}}
\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 WORK EXPERIENCE\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Apr 2012 ~ Current\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Senior Security Engineer at Primeon Inc. Boston}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Performing security code review and vulnerability assessment for top 500 corporations\u8217' web and mobile application; developing in-house security analysis tool;\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 July 2009 ~ Apr 2012\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b 3D Graphics Developer at Weatherford International, Inverness Team, UK}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Developping and maintaining the 3D module of flagship software 5D, a directional well planning and survey system that uses 3D visualization for collision avoidance.\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Other key contributions:} In the project of drilling relief well for Gulf of Mexico accident, I developed a small 3D application to feed real time drilling data into 3D visualization viewer and provide a quaternion based free roaming camera control, used by our senior consultant Angus Jamieson and Houston Team to complete one of the most challenging task in directional drilling area.\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Aug 2005 ~ Nov 2006\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Software Engineer at Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., ShenZhen, P.R. China}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Joined several telecommunication projects, went through the full life cycle of software development, including project planning, requirements analysis, design, coding, debugging, unit testing, system integration testing and release.\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Education\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 July 2007 ~ May 2009\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b University of Abertay Dundee,UK} - MSc Degree with Distinction in Computer Games Technology\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx2297\cellx8639
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sep 2001 ~ July 2005\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics,China} - Bachelor Degree in Information and Computational Science specialized subject\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Technical Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b C/C++98 && C++11}\line Deep understanding of C/C++ language including object oriented design, c++ tempate programming, template metaprogramming, multithreading programming, c++11 new memory model for concurrency programming and lock-free programming.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Java & Objective C}\line Performed Java source code review for several top 500 corporation Java server side projects as well as Android and iOS mobile client side code (or hybrid client using webview such as Cordova). Focused on web/mobile security domain, familiar with major J2EE framework such as Struts2, Spring framework; understanding of Java concurrency model, low level multi-threading messaging library LMax Disruptor.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b C# & .net language}\line Strong skill on c# programming with experience on developing several c# based projects mixed with P/Invoke native funcations.Familiar with c# async programming and multithreading programming. Experience on developing projects using c++/cli mixed with native c++ to bring .net UI to native c++ code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Other languages}\line Strong interest on concurrency programming; although mainly focus on c++11 concurrency programming, I also developed security analysis tool using Golang based on its CSP model. Knowledge of different concurrency approaches including SIMD, multithreading,functional programming, Actor, CSP, GPGPU etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Developing Environment}\line Emacs on Manjaro Linux and Visual Studio + Visual Assist X on Windows Current write c++ project using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://floooh.github.io/fips/getstarted.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Fips
}}}
(cmake\u8217's python binding) or GENie(https://github.com/bkaradzic/GENie)(Lua based premake), the tool helps to generate and compiles c++ code base cross multiple compilers and cross different OS platforms including Windows, Linux, OSX, iOS, Android, asm.js/Emscripten(superior web browser solution), PNaCl etc. Familiar with various version control including github, magit(github in emacs),bitbucket, Tortoise SVN, Microsoft Team Foundation Server etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Library Used}\line Strong ability of using STL, BOOST library, two years work experience of Qt, experience of Ogre3D c++ engine, Nvidia Physx Engine, BGFX, ImGUI, Raknet, NDK and many more.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Personal Side Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://youchaosdevelopment.blogspot.com/2009/02/world-of-champloo.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\b 3D C++ Game: World of Champloo}
}}}
\line Our team with 2 programmers and 3 artists developed this game with split screen version(using XBOX controller) and networking version in less than 2 months in 2008 using OGRE3D for 3D rendering engine, Physx for Physics engine, OpenAL for game audio, CEGUI for ingame GUI, Raknet for UDP networking communication.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://youchaosdevelopment.blogspot.com/2009/03/few-videos-show-my-editor.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\b 3D Game Editor for OGRE3D Engine with .net}
}}}
\line My personal side project including the following features:\line Visual studio style dockable .net window for rendering multiple 3D scene, editor layout load/save from/to xml files\line 3D scene, model animations serialization/deserialization to/from XML files\line All the properties can be configured through unified .net property grid etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/2017/02/26/Lock-Free-Ring-Queue-for-Multi-producer-and-Multi-consumer/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\b Lock Free Ring Queue for Multi-producer, Multi-consumer in c++11}
}}}
\line Demonstration of using C++11 to implement high efficient data structure for lock-free programming.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
{\b Personal Technical Blog on Github}
}}}
\line A techinical blog built with Markdown, Hexo on Github pages.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Certifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional)\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Resumes for download\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/about/resume.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
PDF version
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/about/resume.docx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Word version
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/about/resume.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
HTML version
}}}
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xueyouchao.github.io/about/resume.rtf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
RTF version
}}}
\par}
}
